I found him the man you described and am very  sorry that by my absence from ? I have not been able  to render him all the service that I wished however I  gave orders to the ports of my dependence to complete  their provisions over of his ? and I wrote to the  Baron recommending him as your friend a gentleman and a man  of consequence all which I hope will produce some favorable effects  for him.
being at such a distance from America and for fear  of missing your garrison there for the conveyance of this I am obliged to write to you in a  hurry resuming every point.
for a great number of  reasons I am sorry for the fates of O. I had  wrote to you very extensively by him of which I now  send a duplicate C. will tell you how I received them  and likewise my sentiments which can not vary as they  have always been supported by the stringent political reasons and  the mutual interest of both countries.
the same reason and the  same interest ? ? and indeed I can not well see  how they can alter but the primary principle of our plan  was and still must been the independence of America as from the  beginning was proposed to the other side of the great water.
the sale of lands by the state of Georgia in my opinion is as ? to K as to the  settlements on the ? but I depend too much on the  justice and prudence of Washington to ? that ever it will  be carried into execution.
I look upon that measure as a land ? speculated by many characters on ? not only in that state but even on ? who will accomplish their  mercenary ? ? when it should never be carried into execution as to employ millions in ? those rights I think that with  half that sum I could establish an other right more becoming the  dignity of a crowned head and on reflex I am sure that  you would second my opinion such a private transaction could  never destroy the wanton claim of the union as sovereign therefore the consequence could only be that the king of Spain might praise those lands in the same manner as any citizen of the united states but not as a sovereign.
the insurrection at FortC. was a mad  ? they showed their disposition but did not calculate how to carry their plan into execution which if they had done would infallibly be followed by a separation of all the western countries from the union but as it happened I am of opinion that that epoch is now further from us than it was before I have had brad ford with me who acquainted me of every circumstance and it seems as if they had acted without any other ? 